Add batchCalls to LSP0 and LSP9 (#189)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md

This function is part of the [LSP14] specification.

#### batchCalls

```solidity

> function batchCalls(bytes[] calldata data) external returns (bytes[] memory results)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function batchCalls(bytes[] calldata functionCalls) external returns (bytes[] memory results)
```

```

MUST batch calls on the contract by performing a delegatecall on the contract itself.

_Parameters:_

> - `data`: the call data to be executed on the contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `functionCalls`: a list of calldata to be executed on the contract.
```

The data field can be:

- an array of ABI-encoded function calls such as an array of ABI-encoded execute, setData, transferOwnership or any LSP0 functions.
- an array of bytes which will resolve to the fallback function to be checked for an extension. 

_Requirements:_

- MUST NOT be payable. 

> _Returns:_ `results` , an array of returned data of each called function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Returns:_ `results` , an array of data returned for each function called.
```
